Most countries, states, and provinces
have mandatory auto insurance laws.
Of course, I think you should get it as one accident
can bankrupt you, even if it wasn't your fault.
If you rent a car, please check to see
if your credit card already offers
free rental car insurance.
Quite often they do.
Also, ask the auto insurance company
if your insurance can be reduced, if you add something
to you car, like a Mobileye device
that looks like this.
Mobileye, I think, is now owned by Intel.
And, most people spend about $100 per month
for auto insurance, which is really expensive,
but it's worth it.
You know, one small accident can cause
your insurance costs to go up a lot too.
So, just be careful.
Separately, I use this auto feature on my iPhone
which makes a lot of sense to me, okay?
I also carry a, let me see if I can get it.
I also carry this cable in my car to charge my phone
so that I'm never tempted to use the phone when I'm driving.
And, when my kids start, God they grow fast.
But, when my kids start driving, I'm gonna have them
put their mobile phones in the trunk.
Hopefully they'll listen.
And, don't buy a car without first understanding
the insurance price.
And, shop around a lot, please, for the best
auto insurance coverage.
You know, please ask at least five different places
before buying auto insurance similar to what we did
in exercise 15 with the banks.
A lot of people buy pets and cars without understanding
how much it costs to have them.
And, so here's a great website for calculating
the price of a car before you buy it,
as some expensive cars have high insurance.
And, the website here is called Kelly Blue Book.
Another one I've got here is called truecar.com.
And, there's also edmunds.com, E-D-M-U-N-D-S.com.
And sometimes you can actually get
lower auto insurance prices if you take
a safe drivers course.
Or you buy anti-theft equipment for your car
or if you don't use your car that often.
Just ask your auto insurance company
what you can do to lower your auto insurance costs.